web/content/course/javascript/welcome.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
sidebar_label: "Test Page"
---
{/* content/course/javascript/welcome.mdx */}

import TestComponent from "@site/src/components/TestComponent";
import TrueFalseQuestion from "@site/src/modules/quiz/components/TrueFalseQuestion";
import MultipleChoiceQuestion from "@site/src/modules/quiz/MultipleChoiceQuestion";
import ShortAnswerQuestion from "@site/src/modules/quiz/ShortAnswerQuestion";
import Accordion1 from "@site/src/components/Accordion";
import PageInitializer from "@site/src/modules/quiz/components/PageInitializer";
import { UserRole } from "@site/src/modules/user/types/user.type";
import { DifficultyLevel } from "@site/src/modules/quiz/types/question.types";
import CodeEditor from "@site/src/modules/editor/components/CodeEditor";

# Welcome (Test Page)

<PageInitializer
    pageData={{
        page_id: 1,
        title: "Test Page",
        section: "Introduction",
        module: "Introduction",
        topic: "Topic 1",
        page_order: 1,
        type: "quiz",
        role: UserRole.Admin,
        requiresAuth: false, // New field to indicate if authentication is required
        prerequisites: [],
        difficulty: DifficultyLevel.Junior,
        pageScore: 0,
        points: 10,
        estimatedTime: "5 minutes",
        tags: ["test", "intro"],
        relatedPages: [],
        resources: [],
        lastAccessed: null,
        learningObjectives: ["Understand the basics"],
        coursePathProgress: 0,
    }}
/>

<TrueFalseQuestion
    questionId="1"
    order={1}
    difficulty={DifficultyLevel.Junior}
    question="JavaScript is a strongly-typed language."
    correctAnswer={false}
    pointValue={10}
/>
<br />

<Accordion1 title="Explanation">
    Reveal? JavaScript is a weakly-typed language, meaning that variables cannot
    change __. Low-level languages like C++ and Rust have greater control over
    the system hardware, like memory and CPU, and so... **Dog**
</Accordion1>

<br />

<CodeEditor
    height={300}
    minimap={false}
    initialCode={`function sum(a, b) {\n    // Your code here\n}`}
    testCases={[
        { input: [1, 2], expected: 3 },
        { input: [5, 5], expected: 10 },
    ]}
    testCode={`function runTest(userCode, testCase) {
        const { input, expected } = testCase;
        try {
            const userFunction = new Function('return ' + userCode)();
            const result = userFunction(...input);
            return result === expected ? 'Pass' : 'Fail';
        } catch (error) {
            return 'Error';
        }
    }`}
/>

## Parsing Integers

<MultipleChoiceQuestion
  question={`
\`\`\`js
const date = Number.parseInt("21 February 2024");
\`\`\`

What is the value of \`date\`?`}
options={["Null", "21", "NaN", "212024"]}
correctAnswer={1}
/>

<ShortAnswerQuestion
  question={`
\`\`\`js
const array = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6];
const output = 6 in array;
\`\`\`

What is the value of \`output\`?`}
/>

<TestComponent />
<br />

Commit message:

refactor: Optimize import statements and refactor reducer logic in PageProvider.tsx.
- Updated gitignore to ignore .DS_Store files.
- Added a rule to turn off switch declarations in the biome.json file.
- Update page settings to require authentication and remove unnecessary fields and data.
- The main goal of the changes in the git diff output is to optimize the import statements and add logging for debugging purposes in the PageInitializer component of a quiz module.
- Update SubmitButton component to handle submission with missing questions.
- The main goal of the changes in the git diff output is to refactor the import statements in the `PageProvider.tsx` file by combining multiple imports into a single import statement and to update the reducer logic for registering and updating questions, as well as resetting the page state and toggling a reset flag.

web/content/course/javascript/welcome.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
sidebar_label: "Test Page"
---
{/* content/course/javascript/welcome.mdx */}

import TestComponent from "@site/src/components/TestComponent";
import TrueFalseQuestion from "@site/src/modules/quiz/components/TrueFalseQuestion";
import MultipleChoiceQuestion from "@site/src/modules/quiz/MultipleChoiceQuestion";
import ShortAnswerQuestion from "@site/src/modules/quiz/ShortAnswerQuestion";
import Accordion1 from "@site/src/components/Accordion";
import PageInitializer from "@site/src/modules/quiz/components/PageInitializer";
import { UserRole } from "@site/src/modules/user/types/user.type";
import { DifficultyLevel } from "@site/src/modules/quiz/types/question.types";
import CodeEditor from "@site/src/modules/editor/components/CodeEditor";

# Welcome (Test Page)

<PageInitializer
    pageData={{
        page_id: 1,
        title: "Test Page",
        section: "Introduction",
        module: "Introduction",
        topic: "Topic 1",
        page_order: 1,
        type: "quiz",
        role: UserRole.Admin, // FIXME: Test requiresAuth true for this page
        requiresAuth: false,
        prerequisites: [],
        difficulty: DifficultyLevel.Junior,
        pageScore: 0,
        points: 10,
        tags: ["test", "intro"],
        coursePathProgress: 0, // Keep the fields relevant to the progress tracking and quizzes
        lastAccessed: null,
        // Remove 'learningObjectives' and 'resources'
    }}
/>

<TrueFalseQuestion
    questionId="1"
    order={1}
    difficulty={DifficultyLevel.Junior}
    question="JavaScript is a strongly-typed language."
    correctAnswer={false}
    pointValue={10}
/>
<br />

<Accordion1 title="Explanation">
    Reveal? JavaScript is a weakly-typed language, meaning that variables cannot
    change __. Low-level languages like C++ and Rust have greater control over
    the system hardware, like memory and CPU, and so... **Dog**
</Accordion1>

<br />

<CodeEditor
    height={300}
    minimap={false}
    initialCode={`function sum(a, b) {\n    // Your code here\n}`}
    testCases={[
        { input: [1, 2], expected: 3 },
        { input: [5, 5], expected: 10 },
    ]}
    testCode={`function runTest(userCode, testCase) {
        const { input, expected } = testCase;
        try {
            const userFunction = new Function('return ' + userCode)();
            const result = userFunction(...input);
            return result === expected ? 'Pass' : 'Fail';
        } catch (error) {
            return 'Error';
        }
    }`}
/>

## Parsing Integers

<MultipleChoiceQuestion
  question={`
\`\`\`js
const date = Number.parseInt("21 February 2024");
\`\`\`

What is the value of \`date\`?`}
options={["Null", "21", "NaN", "212024"]}
correctAnswer={1}
/>

<ShortAnswerQuestion
  question={`
\`\`\`js
const array = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6];
const output = 6 in array;
\`\`\`

What is the value of \`output\`?`}
/>

<TestComponent />
<br />
